When the Create Label window is focused, do not bring forth Welcome. Keep the Create Label window in front of all other windows like it is right now.
Make the Words Ver. at the bottom right corner clickable, an SKU window will show up, for quick label printing, only SKU needed, and save it on a quick print local text file

WELCOME WINDOW
Maybe give some metadata? like Name: Variant, SKU times stamp? 

Once the Create Label window is opened, close the Welcome window.=======> tried but did not work, had to load a backup.
Also make a setting for an alert reminder to scan it as reverse inbound [X]
 	Perhaps copy it so we can paste for now? =======> DONE!

Inside the Create Label window
	Make it possible to Ctrl and shortcuts
	Add another button that will search for a label if one is not found, make the search better than before????? I'm not sure about this one just yet.
	Add another button that will bring the Labels forth. I want to edit, but not delete entries. 
	Make the Window position itself where it last was. like, if I open it again, it opens on the left top corner of the screen.
	Tab onto the SKU, when a Tracking number is scanned.
	When no label is found, open the Management window to create one.

LABEL MAKER

Inside the View files window
	Add an extra toggle button, that will make the software transparent, and non-transparent, add it to the transparency settings
	Add an extra toggle button, that will make the software Auto print and manually print after the SKU has been inputted, add it to the  settings
	
Inside Label Maker
	Add a small toggle button next to the reset button, that will enable or disable the transparency, add it to the transparency settings





More features:
Maybe a Variant Dictionary?





3/17
Production Testing
-Create Label does not have a minimize button, I can hide the welcome window behind it, and when I click off the welcome window loses focus, but Create Label stays on top of all other windows, this is ideal for production. but I don't want to change the behavior, this is fine.
-Maybe where it says: "Label sent to the printer. Ready for next label" it can be changed to the name, variant, SKU, and last tracking number, --design it to make it fit. --
-after restarting the app the configuration is lost, but the welcome window, shows the right config, but the Google settings defaults back to the first sheet instead of the active one. XD
-A module will have to be built that checks the state of the state of sheet connection, every time there is a change, so it can be like real-time updates, but not when the connections have been established, and no changes have been made. perhaps something that starts at the beginning, checks the state, and then lets the other functions know. because it looks like right now the update is hardcoded and does not know when a change has been made, until the user restarts the app, and also the settings are lost and the user needs to select a new sheet every time.
-The create Label window closes and it looks like the sheet settings change. XD.
-If the next label has the same Tracking number, throw a warning, so that way there is no way to pass the same data several times. Idk how it happened, but I got 3 entries on the same record. XD
-make the Create label window more compact. it looks like the Google Sheets configuration loses the settings.
-Also the program hangs after some use, I imagine, there is a memory leak somewhere, or the logs are just way too big, or something odd. A program restart fixes this issue. XD
